nomad client cpu info (#4338)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/customizations.adoc

You can customize resource classes for your installation to provide developers with https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/optimizations/#resource-class[CPU/RAM options] for the Jobs they configure.

> NOTE: The resources for the `machine` executor can't be changed from this setting. To change the CPU and memory size, change the `AWS Instance Type` from the VM Provider section in the Management Console. See the <<vm-service#,VM Service>> guide for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: The resources for the `machine` executor can't be changed using the method described on this page. To change the CPU and memory size, change the `AWS Instance Type` from the VM Provider section in the Management Console. See the <<vm-service#,VM Service>> guide for more details.
```
